cloud: update the TiDB Cloud support info in TiDB SQL docs (#14674)
pingcap/docs: statistics.md

## Load statistics

> **Note:**
>

> > This feature is not available on [TiDB Serverless](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidbcloud/select-cluster-tier#tidb-serverless) clusters.

Reviewer: Only `load stats` is disabled due to security reasons. Other stats related sql statements are available.

> > This feature is not available on [TiDB Serverless](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidbcloud/select-cluster-tier#tidb-serverless) clusters.

Author: ```suggestion
> Loading statistics is not available on [TiDB Serverless](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidbcloud/select-cluster-tier#tidb-serverless) clusters.
```

* [LOAD STATS](/sql-statements/sql-statement-load-stats.md)
* [DROP STATS](/sql-statements/sql-statement-drop-stats.md)
* [LOCK STATS](/sql-statements/sql-statement-lock-stats.md)
* [UNLOCK STATS](/sql-statements/sql-statement-unlock-stats.md)
* [SHOW STATS_LOCKED](/sql-statements/sql-statement-show-stats-locked.md)

</CustomContent>

<CustomContent platform="tidb-cloud">

> * [LOAD STATS](/sql-statements/sql-statement-load-stats.md)

Reviewer: Is this line duplicated?

Author: Do you mean there is one for "tidb" and another for "tidb-cloud"?
![image](https://github.com/pingcap/docs/assets/79440533/2ffd60c8-5aa6-4397-a9ec-d33bedeaa761)

Reviewer: Sorry for my mistake. They are different, LOAD vs LOCK
